Update creating-a-custom-dashboard.md (#5713)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-custom-dashboard.md

> We are adding another area tag with a few keys. Let us adjust the dashboard HTML accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are adding another area tag with a few keys. We then need to add some HTML to the `WelcomeDashboard`. Adjust the dashboard HTML with the following code:
```
